So my name is Heather Dickson,
and I'm the principal at Marshview
Middle School in Sackville, New Brunswick.
And today, I wanted to talk to you
about how we celebrate student successes
here in our building.
So for school successes,
we have recognition assemblies.
And we do student
shout outs on the announcements.
But we also recognize that students
have a life outside of school.
So we created a sense of community
where we want to recognize their successes
outside of the building, whether that's
through music, through their athletics,
etc.
whatever activity that they like to do.
We reached out to parents in September,
and we say that,
if there's something going on
we want to know about,
we want to celebrate it with the students.
Often that they will email in
about their latest hockey win,
about their successes in the pool
or in their music competitions.
We add those to a weekly newsletter
that we send home to the parents,
and make sure that the whole school
knows that
they've had a successful night
on the field court, etc..
We do this to create a sense
of belonging here at our school
and really to foster community.
So we have the swim coach
that emails me at the end of the races.
The music teachers that will say, hey,
my student was really successful
on the weekend.
So it's that back and forth
and really creating that open dialog
with our community members
to ensure that we're,
celebrating the successes of our kids.
tips and tricks that I would have
if you would like to do this at
your school is to create the open dialog
and to create a relationship
with the family so that you have,
everyone says it takes a village
to raise the kids.
And so to have that open dialog
where people are reaching out
and, we're celebrating with the kids
in all facets of their life.